Reflect the current status of Unit on the community page (#194)
nginx/unit-docs: source/community.rst

Community
#########

**********************************
Maintenance and support guidelines
**********************************

> New features and enhancements for NGINX Unit are not actively developed by the
> project maintainers. While community contributions are welcome, the decision to
> include new features or enhancements in NGINX Unit releases remains at the
> maintainers’ discretion. Given reduced capacity, NGINX Unit maintainers will
> prioritize addressing issues with significant technical, quality, and security
> impact. This includes resolving segfaults, undefined behavior, updates to the C
> language and compiler, revisions to language modules, and patching third-party
> libraries with security vulnerabilities to ensure the product maintains robust
> operation, quality, and security standards.

Reviewer: Trying to structure this and simplify the language used:

```suggestion
Going forward, NGINX Unit will no longer get new features or enhancement updates
from the project maintainers. The team is focusing its limited capacity on
more critical work instead.
  
We welcome the community to contribute new features and enhancements,
keeping in mind the NGINX Unit maintainers will ultimately decide if those
changes get included in a release.
  
As the NGINX Unit team has limited resources, we are prioritizing high-impact,
technical, quality, and security issues. These include resolving crashes
(segfaults), undefined behavior, updates to the C language and compiler,
changes to the supported language modules, and fixing security issues in
third-party libraries.

The goal is to keep NGINX Unit stable, secure, and  
high-quality.
```

Reviewer 2: It's not really possible to give an edit suggestion for an edit suggestion: some ideas for making this even more concise and precise.

> Going forward, NGINX Unit will no longer receive new features or
> enhancements from the project maintainers. NGINX Unit is still 
> open to community contributions.

> The team is focusing its limited capacity to keep NGINX Unit
> stable, secure and high-quality. Its focus will be on critical
> maintenance, such as for security issues, dependency upgrades,
> and resolving crashes or undefined behaviour.

There's some unnecessary detail: we don't have to mention the maintainers decide what changes go into a release... because that's expected/implied. We'd note otherwise, since that would be really unusual for the maintenance of any project.

Similarly, we don't need to repeat "security issues" or give multiple examples of what could be summarised as "dependency upgrades".

Reviewer: updated my suggestion with alan's changes. Applying and approving
